Note in Release notes to warn about `astro dev start` issue in 11.0.0 and 11.1.0 (#3690)
astronomer/docs: astro/runtime-release-notes.md

- Release date: April 19, 2024
- Airflow version: 2.9.0

:::warning

> Due to an [issue relating to custom plugins in Airflow](https://github.com/apache/airflow/pull/39167), you may run into an error when running the `astro dev start` command with this version of Astro Runtime. To resolve this issue, either upgrade to Astro Runtime `11.2.0` or set `AIRFLOW__ASTRONOMER__UPDATE_CHECK_INTERVAL=0`.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Due to an [issue related to using custom plugins in Airflow](https://github.com/apache/airflow/pull/39167), you might experience an error when you run this version of Astro Runtime locally using the Astro CLI. To resolve this issue, either upgrade directly to Astro Runtime 11.2.0 or set `AIRFLOW__ASTRONOMER__UPDATE_CHECK_INTERVAL=0` in your Astro project `.env` file.  
```

- Release date: April 8, 2024
- Airflow version: 2.9.0

:::warning

> Due to an [issue relating to custom plugins in Airflow](https://github.com/apache/airflow/pull/39167), you may run into an error when running the `astro dev start` command with this version of Astro Runtime. To resolve this issue, either upgrade to Astro Runtime `11.2.0` or set `AIRFLOW__ASTRONOMER__UPDATE_CHECK_INTERVAL=0`.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Due to an [issue related to using custom plugins in Airflow](https://github.com/apache/airflow/pull/39167), you might experience an error when you run this version of Astro Runtime locally using the Astro CLI. To resolve this issue, either upgrade directly to Astro Runtime 11.2.0 or set `AIRFLOW__ASTRONOMER__UPDATE_CHECK_INTERVAL=0` in your Astro project `.env` file.  
```
